man man
that that may not be that may not be the
biggest buck in the world but I may have
just shot the biggest buck in my life
how was the shot I was in the brush dude
it sounded solid you know I saw a
penetrate right up to the Fletcher's man
I think I went in a little back but he
was quartered towards the front shoulder
I think it was a solid solid shot I
don't think he went far didn't only the
way he was down he didn't go tell you
what putting out long enough you know
what I'm sure you do that true glow pin
man I'll tell you what it's not very
light out and that thing just lit up
right on his vitals and I guarantee you
if something he ain't real happy about
that loss going through his pump house
that wash just whaled them
Oh
this is it baby
we're gonna take a couple minutes here
relax let him lay and see if we can put
our hands on well waited a little while
we heard him crash we know he went down
really quick
there's blood never right at the scene
of the crime so we're just gonna we're
gonna follow it out real easy here and I
don't think he went far I mean that wasp
went right through his boiler room man
and he is bleeding really good so I feel
really confident about this hit so stay
with us because hopefully next time I
see you I'll be holding one of the if
not the biggest one of the biggest bucks
of my life pretty chaste about this
here's the air
Wow
it is coated he's not going to be far
look like this hit he stumbled he's got
that there he is man there he is there
chocolate chocolate antlers he's got to
be 18 19 inches wide oh my god
this is it man this is why we do it Rick
thanks for being behind the camera this
morning we had a feeling and it happened
will you look at this Bach man he may
not be 140 150 160 whatever but I'll
tell you what he's boone and crockett in
my book
then he's pi ball he's got he's got
white on him and everything I can't tell
you what's going through me right now
man this is awesome